*: update info on support resources (#12356)
pingcap/docs: troubleshoot-data-inconsistency-errors.md

TiDB checks consistency between data and indexes when it executes transactions or the [`ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md) statement. If the check finds that a record key-value and the corresponding index key-value are inconsistent, that is, a key-value pair storing row data and the corresponding key-value pair storing its index are inconsistent (for example, more indexes or missing indexes), TiDB reports a data inconsistency error and prints the related errors in error logs.

> This document describes the meanings of data inconsistency errors and provides some methods to bypass the consistency check. If a data consistency error occurs, you can go to [TiDB forum](https://ask.pingcap.com/) and discuss with the community. If you are subscribed to PingCAP support, you can also [create a ticket](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us).

Reviewer: Suggest using a more general description. Because if someone else already asked the same question and got it answered, they don't need to "discuss" it again.
```suggestion
This document describes the meanings of data inconsistency errors and provides some methods to bypass the consistency check. If a data consistency error occurs, you can go to the [TiDB Forum](https://ask.pingcap.com/) to get help from the community. If you have subscribed to PingCAP support, you can also [create a ticket](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us).
```

> This document describes the meanings of data inconsistency errors and provides some methods to bypass the consistency check. If a data consistency error occurs, you can go to [Ask PingCAP](https://ask.pingcap.com/) and discuss with the community. If you are subscribed to PingCAP support, you can also [create a ticket](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us).

Author: ```suggestion
This document describes the meanings of data inconsistency errors and provides some methods to bypass the consistency check. If a data consistency error occurs, you can go to [TiDB forum](https://ask.pingcap.com/) and discuss with the community. If you are subscribed to PingCAP support, you can also [create a ticket](https://support.pingcap.com/hc/en-us).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This doc is also used by https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/troubleshoot-data-inconsistency-errors. For TiDB Cloud, users can contact [TiDB Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support).

Author: Updated! Thanks.

## Solutions

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

If you encounter a data inconsistency error, [get support](/support.md) from PingCAP for troubleshooting immediately instead of dealing with the error by yourself. If your application needs to skip such errors urgently, you can use the following methods to bypass the check.

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> If you encounter a data inconsistency error, [contact TiDB Cloud support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for troubleshooting immediately instead of dealing with the error by yourself. If your application needs to skip such errors urgently, you can use the following methods to bypass the check.

Author: ```suggestion
If you encounter a data inconsistency error, [contact TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for troubleshooting immediately instead of dealing with the error by yourself. If your application needs to skip such errors urgently, you can use the following methods to bypass the check.
```
